chore(EU Covid Certificate): [IAGP-4] Add EU covid certificate feature flag (#3071)
pagopa/io-app: README.md

> As a first step,  copy the sample configuration for the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a first step, if you want to run the app in production mode, set the production configuration.
```
Could it be useful change also this line?

Author: Yes sure, you're right!
